[Music]
how does it feel to know that you've
been running away from shame and guilt
and in the running away from it creating
more shame and
guilt in this coaching session we're
going to see how bad habits and fear of
connection are related this was recorded
in one of my live Q&A calls where people
from the public can raise their hand and
be coached by me I hope you enjoy it so
I'm struggling to decide about
sobriety and was you're the question was
like do I just do I completely stop
drinking or do I um just drink a little
bit kind of kind of like that yeah
pretty much that I think that's what I'd
written about um maybe I've refined it a
little bit more in my in my head since
then great what's the question um the
question is uh like what do I what do I
choose um do I choose path of fun and
quick fix in the present moment or do I
choose do I think about the the the
future ups and the future downside of of
continuing to to drink and it's not huge
drinking we're talking about I'm just
talking about um as as I get older I
just feel like it's not doing me a lot
of good and yet I'm still deeply
attracted to
it what's the longest you've gone in the
last two years without
drinking in the last two years probably
one month in the last five years I've
gone two
years oh I see so I've been kind of on
and off up and down doing this you know
doing this what is the drinking get you
what do the drinking get
you um Quick Fix relaxation and kind of
um without State a change of state Yeah
Yeah from what to what what's the state
it gives you
from from actually there's um in this
discussion today so far um I'm feeling
into the shame and guilt piece that I'm
trying to escape it gives you a relief
from shame and guilt yeah yeah yeah so
what if the question
was
um should I give up shame and guilt or
not
juicy gets to the heart of it for
sure shame is the locks that hold the
chains of bad habits in place was a
quote I think Adia Shante said
it
yeah so when I see um you know I have
out of your head out of your head for a
minute and I just want you to guys see
that moment you had this access to it
which is like how does it feel to know
that you've been running away from shame
and guilt and in the running away from
it creating more shame and
guilt creating more shame and guilt
that's where I am it's just like a
downward spiral yeah how does that
feel not not what do you think of it
like what's the emotional
feels like crap feels Dreadful feel
it how much Rebellion is in there how
much is of like you can't [__] tell
me what to do is in there
uh until you said it I couldn't have um
identified that but it's there yeah if
you were to pull that part out for a
minute what would it
say that really hidden
little yeah I want what I want yeah [__]
you what what would oh yeah right that's
what it would say [__] you yeah yeah
yeah what so I'm gonna just speak to
that part of you for a minute what what
is it that you do want
I want connection with myself and others
easy connection with myself and others
oh
cool how hard is your connection with me
right
now how hard is it I don't
know right now it's happening right now
no it's happening yeah I'm
I'm I'm I'm still feeling so much of the
of the rubbish that I'm struggling to
actually be
present yeah so that means you're
connected to the rubbish and me yeah
yeah how hard is it I'm speaking to the
part of you that's like [__] you I don't
want to know you know I'm speaking to
that
part I'm with you [__] that I want you
to have connection too and I want it to
be [__] easy how hard is
this it's hard I'm trying to it hard
cool what makes it hard
my resistance to what my my
Rebellion
uh my wanting an easy
[Music]
path so you're wanting of an easy pass
is is what's making the easy path to
connection right now hard is that what I
is that what you just said
I'm getting I'm getting confused as you
should how right there how hard was that
connection super easy I'm getting yeah
super
easy I this is the thing that I see I
see this like [__] amazingly big
heart
that somehow or
another needs like alcohol
to give you permission to
shine yeah that's that that's that's the
Nugget
yeah do you see mine shining back at you
usually hugely yeah does it look
hard not a bit it [__] felt hard for
a
while were you oh
yeah love was a dangerous [__]
thing what I'm noticing right now is my
I'm sitting here with my hands
outstretched in yeah in um like
connection mode
yeah yeah when you when when you put put
your heart in a box you want to drink no
heart in a box no want to
drink I love
that I can see you like that's a whole
but yeah I see
yeah
awesome thanks Joe